Remembered a lecture where I told you to install note James because we needed for our local development
server and because we need NPM both reasons are very important for many front end development workflows
and actually know chairs is a must have if you're a front end developer even if you're never writing
any note as server side code.
You will still need no chairs because of the fact that you can host develop and service with it.
More on this in the next lecture.
And because of the fact that you get NPM notes package manager which is the de-facto package manager
for managing dependencies off your projects let's have a look at these dependencies.
They are always stored in the package started Jason File.
And here we have some meta data about the project.
But the two most important pieces here are the dependencies and the def dependencies dependencies managers
all the penances we need for our app to run in the browser.
So in our case your view into view router development dependencies are only needed during development.
So here it would be web spec to build tool web.
Def server does development server I will talk about in the next lecture at a couple of other Lowder's
and configuration packages which are used by web peg so that we are able to use ESX babe who would be
responsible for the compilation here that we are able to put SEUS code into our script files that you
are able to use images and load them and that we are able to use these Dadda view files and it will
come back to the Wepa configuration.
One of the next lectures too.
But daises what NPM does for us and NPM will then always install these packages in the node modules
folder.
The nice thing is if we share our project on get up for example we dont need to send this node modules
folder to get up.
We dont need to share that folder if we share the package touchiest and file.
I can actually delete the node modules folder.
So now all our dependencies are gone and therefore if I now run on Def we will get an error because
view chases and found the view routers and phone WePay itself isnt found.
But what I can now do is since I have this package truck chase file which clearly lists what I need
and which weren't I needed I can run an install inside of this project without Dashti without anything
else.
And now it will automatically analyze as package just chase and file and download all the packet just
mentioned there and put them in the node modules folder so that as soon as this is finished I can again
run NPM or on dev or NPM or unbilled and successfully both my project dad has the advantage of the package
Dutchesse and fall and of NPM a great way of managing your dependencies of being transparent which worsens
you use and making sharing the project very very easy.
NPM also allows you to define scripts as DS too.
These are simple scripts which you can always execute with NPM run and then your script name like death
or build.
And this allows you to trigger some web workflow steps basically.
For example NPM run death with spinup test.
This development server to which I will come into next lecture and NPM run build will not spin up that
server but only well run the normal build process to which I will come back once we have a closer look
at the Wetpaint conflict file.
So that is A.P.M. and no chairs.
And why this really awesome.